Task#1
1. Move your views to controller and call them in URL
2. make 2 function in controller (1. pass user name as a string, 2. pass 2 integers and apply sum,sub, divied and multiplication)

Task#2

1. Create a header in index page and set it by default route
2. In header, create (Home, About us, contact, Login and Register)
3. Show Login,Register link when a user is not logged in - use only session
4. Make a simple form in index using bootstrap classes

Task#3
1. create category, items, posts table using migration command
2. create models for each table and add atleast 10 records accordingly
3. show these records on appropriate pages in table form

Task#4
1. create seperate page for each table in your existing project
2. make a separate FORM for each table record
3. apply appropriate validation on each FORM data
4. Make Factories for each table and seed them in DB

Task#5
1. download an bootstrap admin panel from the internet
2. embed/fit into your project
3. make a master file and extens all other pages
4. Set your all existing pages into this admin panel

Task#6
1. set all the page links on left side in your project
2. make relationship b/w categories and items and show them accordingly
3. study models and relationships.

Task#7
1. create a fresh project for blogging
2. create categories, tags, users, and blogs
2. add login functionality to your project - use laravel breeze
3. add blogs in backend and show them on frontend
4. on each blog show  categories
5. make a dropdwon on frontend, when user select the category, it will show the related all blogs

Task#8
1. create the discussed tables and there fields/attributes. make constrains for each forieng key
2. create Controllers, Moldes, and migrations for each table
3. Create seeders for the following
    3.1. Users
    3.2. Hotels
    3.3. Provinces, Citeis and Location
    3.4. Trip types

Task#9
1. Create all the form for all the entities
2. Perform CRUD for all

Task#10
1. Add file upload functionality in the project
2. Add dropdwon for all parent entities in child table  in  each Form if any

Task#11
1. Update all the entities file uploads
2. Update all the entities dependentt dropdwon
3. Remove the feature id from trips.
4. put the trip id in trip feature table

Task#12
1. Remove status form trip type
2. update the trip with featues
3. Check everything in backend and verify if its working

Task#13
1. Modify Home page.
2. Display Trips in slider on Home page
3. Display 12 Hotels on Home page
4. Only show Cities, Trips, Hotels and reviews
5. Make Home, About Us, Hotels, Trips, Destination(Citeis) and Contact Us page for Frontend.
6. Create Detail page for each parent entity
7. Midify table as discussed

Task#14
1. Remove status from Trips
2. set values in Trips price in edit
3. add column(comment) in reviews table
4. make page for all required entities on frontend and show the data

Task#15
1. Create profile, review and booking history pages on Frontend(Table)
2. Add a button on trip details page for only auth users
3. Add status to trip bookings
4. Remove the start/end date from Trips on backend
5. Show only booking date, user, trip and status on booking page on backend

Task#16
1. show bookings on booking history page on user side
2. show bookings on admin side too

Table#17
1. Create a form in reveiw page [trips in dropdwon, 5 stars and comment]
2. create profile page for user, and  put [name, email, phone, image]
3. same for admin side too
